1) Defect Life cycle - Stages?
     New/Open
     Assigned( Deferred/Postponed ,Rejected)
     In Progress
     Fixed/Defect Resolved
     Retest
     passed
     Verified/Closed.

2) What is Agile Testing?
    It's a testing which is performed when there is continuous change in the requirement.

3) What is the difference between burn-up and burn-down charts?
   Burn-up charts represent how much work has been completed in the project.
   Burn-down chart represents the remaining work in a project.

4) Define all the roles in Scrum?
   Product owner:responsible for managing the product backlog. Works with end-users and customers and provides proper requirements to the team.
   Scrum Master :works with the scrum team to make sure each sprint gets completed on time
   Scrum Team   :Each member of the team ( dev ,tester ,SDE , TDE)

5) What is Product Backlog & Sprint Backlog?
   Product Backlog : It is maintained by the product  owner which contains every feature and requirement of the product.
   Sprint Backlog : Subset of Product backlog that belongs to Sprint .

6)velocity in agile?
  it predicts how much work Agile can complete in a sprint and how much time it will require to complete a project.

7) How do you deal when requirements change frequently?
   Work with PO to understand the exact requirement to update test cases. Also, understand the risk of changing the requirements.

8) What is the Zero sprint in Agile?
    it is pre-preparation step to the first sprint. Activities like setting development environment, preparing backlogs.

9) What is requirement tracebility matrix?
   RTM stands for Requirement Traceability matrix. RTM maps all the requirements with the test cases.
   The main purpose of the requirement traceability matrix is to verify that the all requirements of clients are covered in the test cases designed by the testers.

10) who sets the prioirity and Sevrity? Example high severity , low priority?
    Test engineer sets the severity of defect and priority of defect is set by project manager & Client(together)after discussion.
    Severity : Critical ,major ,minor,low
    priority : high(P1), medium(P2) ,low(P3)
    a)High Priority and High Severity
      The products added to the cart of an e-commerce website are not visible on the payment page.
      The login button of the application is not working.
  
    b) High Priority and Low Severity
       The logo of the company’s welcome page is distorted.
       If  the information on the page appears hazy.

    c) Low Priority and High Severity
        Application that doesn't work, but is rarely used
        This bug has high severity because it prevents the application from working. However, it has low priority because the application is rarely used

    d)Low Priority and Low Severity
       A spelling mistake on the page of the site which is not frequently visited.
       The color of any text does not match the theme of the website.

11) What is functional and non-functional testing?What are the types of functional software testing?
    Functional testing tests the functionality of an application while non-functional testing tests the performance of these functions.
 a)Functional testing:
    Unit testing
    Integration testing
    API testing
    System testing
    User acceptance testing.
b) Non-functional testing
   performance testing
   Security testing
   compatability testing.

12) what is difference between alpha and beta testing??
    Alpha testing - It's done by  tester in test env and sometime developer also do as unit testing.
    Beta testing- It's done by end user in real time environment.

13) what is test strategies technique?
     
14) what is entry and exit criteria for testing?
    Entry criteria - It defines when to start the testing.
                   - It also defines which functionality should be tested first based on the key functionality .
    Exit criteria  - Exit criteria indicate when to stop testing.
                   - Once the 100% of the requirements coverage has been achieved.
                   - Critical  and High Priority Defects identified and fixed.
                   - Test Coverage: Test coverage should be 95% achieved.
                   - Very few medium priority defects should be open , such that there is no impact on application.
                   - All test documents and deliverables, such as the Test Summary Report, should be prepared, reviewed, and published.






    
    
    
        
      














   


  










